Rewrite reshaping docs to reflect latest state (#1229)
pace-neutrons/Horace: documentation/user_docs/docs/manual/Reshaping_etc.rst

#####################
Other shape functions
#####################

``replicate``
=============

This is a function to create a higher dimensional dataset by replicating along an additional axis. For example a d2d,

> which is essentially a matrix of intensity, can be replicated to make a d3d (an array of matrices) where the nth matrix

Reviewer: This is not clarifying for me. I thought that the d2d was best expressed as a 2D array of intensities over a 2D layer of image points. The replication to d3d would then stack multiple identical layers on top of each other in the relevant 3rd dimension. The use of matrices (array of matrices) suggests that the individual intensity values have become matrices.

> is the same as the original one, or a d4d.

Reviewer: Similarly d4ds are taken by further replicating the resulting d3d along the additional 4th dimension.

Noting also that you do not explicitly state that this is for dNds only, or could also be used for sqws - as you do at the end, but a preview here would be good.

In Matlab syntax this means e.g.

::

   oldmat = [1 2; 3 4];

>    newmat = repmat(oldmat, 1, 1, 2);

Reviewer: While this is better formal matlab, the original Oldmat/Newmat example is much clearer about what replicate does. If you want to add a note that this is not best Matlab practice, that would be ok.

> In order to make the new object a reference object of this dimensionality (``wref``) must be supplied to act as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual syntax for replicate does not construct the layers individually. Instead, a reference object of the required dimensionality (here ``wref_3d``) is supplied to act as a
```

template. e.g.

::

   w_3d = replicate(w_nd, wref_3d);

or

::

   w_4d = replicate(w_nd, wref_4d);

.. note::

   ``wref`` can be either a ``dnd`` or an ``sqw`` type object.

.. warning::

   ``w_nd`` must be ``dnd`` and not ``sqw``, ``replicate`` on an ``sqw`` object simply returns its representative
   ``dnd`` replicated.

.. warning::

   This function cannot be applied to a 4-dimensional object, attempting to ``replicate`` a 4-d object will result in an

>    error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   severe rebuke from Gallifrey.
```

``compact``
===========

Trim empty bins from around the border of a dnd.

The resulting object has its ranges redefined such that all primary axis dimensions are the minimum required to contain all data
without losses.

::

   wout = compact(win);

.. note::

   For example,

   Suppose we have a 2-dimensional dataset where the axes are ``p{1} = [-4.5:1:4.5]`` and ``p{2} = [-4.5:1:4.5]``. The
   intensity would be given by a 10x10 matrix. Suppose there is only non-zero intensity for ``-3 < p{1} < 3`` and ``-3
   < p{2} < 3``. In this case ``compact`` would reduce the size of the intensity matrix, to be ``[-2.5:1:2.5],
   [-2.5:1:2.5]`` (6x6).

``permute``
===========

Function to permute the order of the display (binning) axes in an object.

There are two possible syntaxes:

::

   wout = permute(win[, permutation]);

Permutation is an nx1 array for n-dimensional objects specifying the new order of each axis. If no ``permutation`` is
provided, the function will cyclically permute the axes by one (e.g. 1->2, 2->3, 3->4, 4->1).

.. note::

    ::

>        wout = permute(w_3d, [3 2 1]);

Reviewer: How is this different from the first one?

    makes the new 1st axis the old 3rd, and the new 3rd axis the old 1st.

.. note::

   This function only changes the order of the axes for display. All other information, including the projection axes,
   are unchanged.

``cut``
=======

Produce a rebinned dataset from a starting dataset. See :ref:`cut
<manual/Manipulating_and_extracting_data_from_SQW_files_and_objects:cut>` for more details.

::

   wout=cut(win, ax_1, ax_2, ...);

where ``ax_1`` etc. take the form:

- ``[lo, hi]`` for integration between two limits

- ``[lo, step, hi]`` for a plot axis between given limits with a given step size

- ``[step]`` for a plot axis taking the existing lo and hi and rebinning to a given step size,

- ``[]`` for leaving the limits and step size of an axis unchanged.

.. note::

   For ``dnd`` objects, it is only possible to cut to the same or lower dimensionality. This is because they do not
   contain the underlying pixel information with which to rebin the data.

   For example, for a d3d starting dataset you can get to a d2d, d1d, or d0d. The lower dimensional dataset is created by
   taking the average over a given integration range from the original dataset. e.g.

.. note::

>    For example:

Reviewer: You have e.g outside the note and for example in it
